Make pool_name configurable for service_domain_db (#3205)
esl/MongooseIM: doc/developers-guide/domain_management.md

## Service options

```toml
[services.service_domain_db]
  pool_name = "global"
  event_cleaning_interval = 1800
  event_max_age = 7200
```

> ### `pool_name`
> 
> Pool name to use for a database connection.
> 
> * **Syntax:** atom
> * **Default:** `global`
> * **Example:** `pool_name = "global"`
> 

Reviewer: The problem with this is that we don't have such thing as a "pool name". In the code it has the type `host_type_or_global()`, so I would suggest something like the following:

```suggestion
### `db_pool`

By default, this service uses the RDBMS connection pool configured with the scope `"global"`.
You can put a specific host type there to use the pool with the `"host"` or `"single_host"`scope for that particular host type. See [PUT A LINK HERE] for more information about the pool scopes.

* **Syntax:** string
* **Default:** `global`
* **Example:** `db_pool = "my_host_type"`
```

The goal here is to make the user aware of what this name means and how to set up the corresponding pool.
